CLOUDP-222191: Update quick start guide and provided samples (#1421)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes: README.md

The full documentation for the Operator can be found [here](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/atlas-operator/)

## Getting Started

### Supported features

> * Create and configure a project, or connect to an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create and configure an Atlas Project, or connect to an existing one.
```

> * Deploy, manage, scale, and tear down clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deploy, manage, scale, and tear down Atlas clusters.
```

> * Support for serverless instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for Atlas serverless instances.
```

* Create and edit database users.
* Manage IP Access Lists, network peering and private endpoints.
* Configure and control Atlas’s fully managed cloud backup.
* Configure federated authentication for your Atlas organization
* Integrate Atlas monitoring with Prometheus.

... and more.

> To view the list of custom resources and each CR's schema, visit our [reference](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/operator/stable/custom-resources/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the list of custom resources and their respective schemas, visit our [reference](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/operator/stable/custom-resources/) 
```

## Quick Start guide

### Prerequisites to Install using kubectl

Before you install the MongoDB Atlas Operator using `kubectl`, you must:

1. Install [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).

> 2. Have Kubernetes installed, i.e. [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer 2: Or have access to a kubernetes cluster configuration right?

## Quick Start guide

### Prerequisites to Install using kubectl

Before you install the MongoDB Atlas Operator using `kubectl`, you must:

1. Install [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/).

> 2. Have a Kubernetes solution available to use.

Reviewer: I'd say just:
```
2. Have Kubernetes installed, i.e. [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)
```

>    If you need a Kubernetes solution, see the [Kubernetes documentation on picking the right solution](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup). For testing, MongoDB recommends [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/).

Reviewer: let's remove recommendations

> 3. Choose the version of the operator you want to run

Reviewer: How can we find out which versions there are?

### Step 1. Deploy Kubernetes operator using all in one config file

```

> kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mongodb/mongodb-atlas-kubernetes/<operator_version>/deploy/all-in-one.yaml

Reviewer: That's clever :-)
